Enterprise REST API doc updates [DEX-146] (#1136)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/getting-started/pages/get-started-rest-api-with-docker.adoc

                        </user>
                    </simple>
                </authentication>
                <access-control-service>
                    <factory-class-name>com.hazelcast.internal.rest.access.DefaultAccessControlServiceFactory</factory-class-name>
                </access-control-service>
            </realm>
        </realms>
    </security>
</hazelcast>
----
--

YAML::
+
[source,yaml]
----
hazelcast:
  license-key: <your license key> <1>
  rest:
    enabled: true
    security-realm: restRealm
  security:
    enabled: true
    realms:
      - name: restRealm
        authentication:
          simple:
            users:
              - username: 'restuser'
                password: 'restpassword'
                roles:
                  - admin
        access-control-service:
          factory-class-name: com.hazelcast.internal.rest.access.DefaultAccessControlServiceFactory
----
====
<1> Replace the `<your license key>` placeholder with your Hazelcast {enterprise-product-name} license key.

== Step 2. Start Hazelcast {enterprise-product-name} Server

To start the Hazelcast {enterprise-product-name} server, run the following command:

If you have XML config file:

> [source,shell,subs="attributes+"]

Reviewer: Can you make xml and yaml as tabs if possible?

Author: fixed at [efcd8b0](https://github.com/hazelcast/hz-docs/pull/1136/commits/efcd8b002c471657940150e14c777febc33a9f1b)

----
docker run \

>     -p 5701:5701 \

Reviewer: you should also map port 8443 for REST server.

Author: fixed at [efcd8b0](https://github.com/hazelcast/hz-docs/pull/1136/commits/efcd8b002c471657940150e14c777febc33a9f1b)

    -e JAVA_OPTS="-Dhazelcast.config=/opt/hazelcast/config_ext/hazelcast.xml" -v ~/config:/opt/hazelcast/config_ext hazelcast/hazelcast-enterprise:{full-version}
----

If you have YAML config file:
[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
----
docker run \
    -p 5701:5701 \
    -e JAVA_OPTS="-Dhazelcast.config=/opt/hazelcast/config_ext/hazelcast.yaml" -v ~/config:/opt/hazelcast/config_ext hazelcast/hazelcast-enterprise:{full-version}
----

This command starts the member and configures it, using your configuration file.
Here, `~/config` is the path to the directory in which you saved the configuration file.

> If you saved the configuration file somewhere else, you should replace this path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
no need for this since you mentioned to copy it to the folder above.

Author: fixed at [efcd8b0](https://github.com/hazelcast/hz-docs/pull/1136/commits/efcd8b002c471657940150e14c777febc33a9f1b)

You should see a message in the console indicating that the REST service is enabled, similar to the following:

[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
----
com.hazelcast.internal.rest.init.RestServiceImpl
INFO: [192.168.0.24]:5701 [dev] [5.5.0-SNAPSHOT] Hazelcast REST Service is enabled on port: 8443 with security realm: restRealm and access control service: com.hazelcast.internal.rest.access.DefaultAccessControlService
----

== Step 3. Access the REST API and Swagger UI

The REST API is running on port 8443.

> You can access the Swagger UI at: http://localhost:8443/swagger-ui/index.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the [Swagger UI](https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-ui/) at: http://localhost:8443/swagger-ui/index.html. This UI lets you see detailed documentation of every possible Hazelcast REST API, and try those APIs in the cluster.

In order to use any Hazelcast REST API, you should be authenticated and have proper access token which needs to be sent in the header of the REST request.
```

Author: fixed at [efcd8b0](https://github.com/hazelcast/hz-docs/pull/1136/commits/efcd8b002c471657940150e14c777febc33a9f1b)

== Step 4. Obtain a Token to Access All Endpoints
To obtain a token, send a POST request to the endpoint at /hazelcast/rest/api/v1/token.

> *Using Swagger UI:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Authenticating and Obtaining The Access Token:*
```

Reviewer: it is wrong comment. forget it.

> - Open the Swagger UI at http://localhost:8443/swagger-ui/index.html.

Reviewer: Make 2 tabs, one Swagger UI, 2nd is the Curl way. Do it for this and the next step.

Author: fixed at [efcd8b0](https://github.com/hazelcast/hz-docs/pull/1136/commits/efcd8b002c471657940150e14c777febc33a9f1b)

- Navigate to the token endpoint under the *JWT Token Controller* section.
- Click the `Try it out` button.
- Set the request body as follows:

[source,json]
----
{
  "username": "restuser",
  "password": "restpassword"
}
----

- Click the `Execute` button.

*Using cURL:*

- Run the following command in your terminal.

[source,shell]
----
curl -X 'POST' \
  'http://localhost:8443/hazelcast/rest/api/v1/token' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
  "username": "restuser",
  "password": "restpassword"
}'
----

> == Step 5. Use the Token For Authorization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Step 5. Execute a Hazelcast REST Call
```

Author: fixed at [efcd8b0](https://github.com/hazelcast/hz-docs/pull/1136/commits/efcd8b002c471657940150e14c777febc33a9f1b)

> Add the token as an Authorization header in all requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to add the token as Authorization header in all requests, otherwise you wıll get access denıed response.
```

Author: fixed at [efcd8b0](https://github.com/hazelcast/hz-docs/pull/1136/commits/efcd8b002c471657940150e14c777febc33a9f1b)

> *Using Swagger UI:* Click the `Authorize` button and enter the token in the provided field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Using Swagger UI:* Click the `Authorize` button and enter the token in the provided field. After successful authorization, any subsequent requests made using the Swagger UI will add the token into the proper request header automatically.
```

Author: fixed at [efcd8b0](https://github.com/hazelcast/hz-docs/pull/1136/commits/efcd8b002c471657940150e14c777febc33a9f1b)

> 

Reviewer: For e.g. if you like to use the REST endpoint `/hazelcast/rest/api/v1/cluster` then go to the endpoint under `Cluster Controller` section and click on `Try It Out` and then execute.

Author: fixed at [efcd8b0](https://github.com/hazelcast/hz-docs/pull/1136/commits/efcd8b002c471657940150e14c777febc33a9f1b)

> *Using cURL:* Add the token to your requests as follows, replacing <add token here> placeholder with your actual token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Using cURL:* When you want to access a  Hazelcast REST endpoint, then you need to add the token to your requests as follows, replacing <add token here> placeholder with your actual token.
```

Author: fixed at [efcd8b0](https://github.com/hazelcast/hz-docs/pull/1136/commits/efcd8b002c471657940150e14c777febc33a9f1b)

--

Using YAML Config::
+
[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
----
docker run \
    -p 5701:5701 -p 8443:8443\
    -e JAVA_OPTS="-Dhazelcast.config=/opt/hazelcast/config_ext/hazelcast.yaml" -v ~/config:/opt/hazelcast/config_ext hazelcast/hazelcast-enterprise:{full-version}
----
====

This command starts the member and configures it, using your configuration file.
Here, `~/config` is the path to the directory in which you saved the configuration file.

You should see a message in the console indicating that the REST service is enabled, similar to the following:

[source,shell,subs="attributes+"]
----
com.hazelcast.internal.rest.init.RestServiceImpl
INFO: [192.168.0.24]:5701 [dev] [5.5.0-SNAPSHOT] Hazelcast REST Service is enabled on port: 8443 with security realm: restRealm and access control service: com.hazelcast.internal.rest.access.DefaultAccessControlService
----

== Step 3. Access the REST API and Swagger UI

The REST API is running on port 8443.
You can access the https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-ui/[Swagger UI] at: http://localhost:8443/swagger-ui/index.html. This UI lets you see detailed documentation of every possible Hazelcast REST API, and try those APIs in the cluster.

> == Step 4. Obtain a Token to Access All Endpoints

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Step 4. Obtain a token to access all endpoints
```

> To obtain a token, send a POST request to the endpoint at /hazelcast/rest/api/v1/token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To obtain a token, send a POST request to the endpoint at `/hazelcast/rest/api/v1/token`.
```

[tabs]
=====
Using Swagger UI::
+

> - Open the Swagger UI at http://localhost:8443/swagger-ui/index.html.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Open the Swagger UI at http://localhost:8443/swagger-ui/index.html
```

> - Navigate to the token endpoint under the *JWT Token Controller* section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Navigate to the token endpoint under the *JWT Token Controller* section
```

> - Click the `Try it out` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Click **Try it out**
```

- Set the request body as follows:
+
[source,json]
----
{
  "username": "restuser",
  "password": "restpassword"
}
----
+

> - Click the `Execute` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Click **Execute**
```

Using cURL::

> - Run the following command in your terminal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Run the following command in your terminal:
```

+
[source,shell]
----
curl -X 'POST' \
  'http://localhost:8443/hazelcast/rest/api/v1/token' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
  "username": "restuser",
  "password": "restpassword"
}'
----
=====

> == Step 5. Execute a Hazelcast REST Call

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Step 5. Execute a Hazelcast REST call
```

> You need to add the token as Authorization header in all requests, otherwise you will get access denied response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You need to add the token as the Authorization header in all requests, or you will get an `access denied` response.
```

[tabs]
====
Using Swagger UI::
+

> Click the `Authorize` button and enter the token in the provided field. After successful authorization, any subsequent requests made using the Swagger UI will add the token into the proper request header automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click **Authorize** and enter the token in the provided field. After a successful authorization, any subsequent requests made using the Swagger UI will add the token into the proper request header automatically.
```

+
*Example request with Swagger UI:*
+

> - Navigate to the `/hazelcast/rest/api/v1/cluster` endpoint under the *Cluster Controller* section.
> - Click the `Try it out` button.
> - Click the `Execute` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Navigate to the `/hazelcast/rest/api/v1/cluster` endpoint under the *Cluster Controller* section
- Click **Try it out**
- Click **Execute**
```

Using cURL::
+

> When you want to access a  Hazelcast REST endpoint, then you need to add the token to your requests as follows, replacing <add token here> placeholder with your actual token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you want to access a  Hazelcast REST endpoint, you need to add the token to your requests as follows, replacing `<add token here>` with your actual token:
```

+
[source,shell]
----
-H 'Authorization: Bearer <add token here>'
----
+
*Example request with cURL:*
+
[source,shell]
----
curl -X 'GET' \
'http://localhost:8443/hazelcast/rest/api/v1/cluster' \
-H 'Authorization: Bearer <add token here>'
----
====

== Next Steps

> If you're interested in learning more about the topics introduced in this tutorial, see: 
> 
> * xref:maintain-cluster:enterprise-rest-api.adoc[Enterprise REST API].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're interested in learning more about the topics introduced in this tutorial, see xref:maintain-cluster:enterprise-rest-api.adoc[Enterprise REST API].
```
